{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang7177{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\lang9\b\fs20 (2 Timothy 2:2)\b0  and the things you heard from me that were supported by many witnesses, these things entrust to faithful men, who, in turn, will be adequately qualified to teach others.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 2\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Matthew 10:3)\b0  Philip and Bar\'b7thol\u697?o\'b7mew; Thomas and Matthew the tax collector; James the son of Al\'b7phae\u697?us; Thad\'b7dae\u697?us;\par
\b (Acts 10:6)\b0  This man is staying as a guest with Simon, a tanner who has a house by the sea.\rdblquote\par
\b (Colossians 4:14)\b0  Luke, the beloved physician, sends you his greetings, and so does De\u697?mas.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 3\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Ecclesiastes 1:4)\b0  A generation is going, and a generation is coming, But the earth remains forever.\par
\b (Luke 5:39)\b0  No one after drinking old wine wants new, for he says, \lquote The old is nice.\rquote\rdblquote\par
\b (Proverbs 20:29)\b0  The glory of young men is their strength, And the splendor of old men is their gray hair.\par
\b (Psalm 71:18)\b0  Even when I am old and gray, O God, do not abandon me. Let me tell the next generation about your power And about your mightiness to all those who are to come.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 5\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (2 Timothy 2:2)\b0  and the things you heard from me that were supported by many witnesses, these things entrust to faithful men, who, in turn, will be adequately qualified to teach others.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 6\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (1 Chronicles 17:1-4)\b0  As soon as David was settled in his own house, he said to Nathan the prophet: \ldblquote Here I am living in a house of cedars while the ark of the covenant of Jehovah is under tent cloths.\rdblquote  \super\b 2\nosupersub\b0\~Nathan replied to David: \ldblquote Do whatever is in your heart, for the true God is with you.\rdblquote  \super\b 3\nosupersub\b0\~On that very night, the word of God came to Nathan, saying: \super\b 4\nosupersub\b0\~\ldblquote Go and say to my servant David, \lquote This is what Jehovah says: \ldblquote You are not the one who will build the house for me to dwell in.\par
\b (1 Chronicles 17:8)\b0  And I will be with you wherever you go, and I will do away with all your enemies from before you; and I will make a name for you like the name of the great men of the earth.\par
\b (1 Chronicles 17:11, 12)\b0  \ldblquote\lquote\ldblquote When your days come to an end and you go to be with your forefathers, I will raise up your offspring after you, one of your sons, and I will firmly establish his kingship. \super\b 12\nosupersub\b0\~He is the one who will build a house for me, and I will firmly establish his throne forever.\par
\b (1 Chronicles 29:1)\b0  King David now said to all the congregation: \ldblquote My son Sol\u697?o\'b7mon, the one whom God has chosen, is young and inexperienced, and the work is great, for it is not a temple for man but for Jehovah God.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 7\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (1 Chronicles 22:11)\b0  \ldblquote Now, my son, may Jehovah be with you, and may you be successful and build the house of Jehovah your God, just as he has spoken concerning you.\par
\b (1 Chronicles 22:14-16)\b0  Here I have taken great pains to prepare for Jehovah\rquote s house 100,000 talents of gold and 1,000,000 talents of silver and such great quantities of copper and iron that they cannot be weighed, and I have prepared timbers and stones, but you will add to them. \super\b 15\nosupersub\b0\~A great number of workmen are with you\emdash stonecutters, stonemasons, woodworkers, and all kinds of skilled workers. \super\b 16\nosupersub\b0\~The gold, silver, copper, and iron are beyond measure. Get up and begin the work, and may Jehovah be with you.\rdblquote\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 8\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (1 Chronicles 22:5)\b0  And David said: \ldblquote My son Sol\u697?o\'b7mon is young and inexperienced, and the house to be built for Jehovah is to be exceedingly magnificent, so that its fame and beauty will be known in all lands. Therefore, I will make preparation for him.\rdblquote  So David prepared materials in great quantity before his death.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 10\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Numbers 11:24-29)\b0  So Moses went out and spoke the words of Jehovah to the people. And he gathered 70 men from the elders of the people and had them stand around the tent. \super\b 25\nosupersub\b0\~Then Jehovah came down in a cloud and spoke to him and took away some of the spirit that was on him and put it on each of the 70 elders. And as soon as the spirit settled down on them, they began to behave as prophets, but they did not do it again. \super\b 26\nosupersub\b0\~There were two of the men still in the camp. Their names were El\u697?dad and Me\u697?dad. And the spirit began to settle down on them, as they were among those whose names had been written down, but they had not gone out to the tent. So they began to behave as prophets in the camp. \super\b 27\nosupersub\b0\~And a young man ran and reported to Moses: \ldblquote El\u697?dad and Me\u697?dad are behaving as prophets in the camp!\rdblquote  \super\b 28\nosupersub\b0\~Then Joshua the son of Nun, the minister of Moses from his youth, responded and said: \ldblquote My lord Moses, restrain them!\rdblquote  \super\b 29\nosupersub\b0\~But Moses said to him: \ldblquote Are you jealous for me? No, I wish that all of Jehovah\rquote s people were prophets and that Jehovah would put his spirit on them!\rdblquote\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 12\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (2 Chronicles 10:6-11)\b0  King Re\'b7ho\'b7bo\u697?am then consulted with the older men who had served his father Sol\u697?o\'b7mon while he was alive, saying: \ldblquote What advice would you give on how to reply to this people?\rdblquote  \super\b 7\nosupersub\b0\~They answered him: \ldblquote If you are good to this people and please them and give them a favorable answer, they will always be your servants.\rdblquote  \super\b 8\nosupersub\b0\~However, he rejected the advice that the older men gave him, and he consulted with the young men who had grown up with him and who were now his attendants. \super\b 9\nosupersub\b0\~He asked them: \ldblquote What advice do you offer on how we should reply to this people who have said to me, \lquote Make the yoke your father put on us lighter\rquote ?\rdblquote  \super\b 10\nosupersub\b0\~The young men who had grown up with him said to him: \ldblquote This is what you should say to the people who have said to you, \lquote Your father made our yoke heavy, but you should make it lighter for us\rquote ; this is what you should tell them, \lquote My little finger will be thicker than my father\rquote s hips. \super\b 11\nosupersub\b0\~My father imposed a heavy yoke on you, but I will add to your yoke. My father punished you with whips, but I will do so with scourges.\rquote\rdblquote\par
\b (2 Chronicles 10:19)\b0  And the Israelites have been in revolt against the house of David down to this day.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 14\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Philippians 2:20-22)\b0  For I have no one else of a disposition like his who will genuinely care for your concerns. \super\b 21\nosupersub\b0\~For all the others are seeking their own interests, not those of Jesus Christ. \super\b 22\nosupersub\b0\~But you know the proof he gave of himself, that like a child with a father he slaved with me to advance the good news.\par
\b (1 Corinthians 4:17)\b0  That is why I am sending Timothy to you, because he is my beloved and faithful child in the Lord. He will remind you of my methods in connection with Christ Jesus, just as I am teaching everywhere in every congregation.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 15\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Romans 12:3-5)\b0  For through the undeserved kindness given to me, I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think, but to think so as to have a sound mind, each one as God has given to him a measure of faith. \super\b 4\nosupersub\b0\~For just as we have in one body many members, but the members do not all have the same function, \super\b 5\nosupersub\b0\~so we, although many, are one body in union with Christ, but individually we are members belonging to one another.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 16\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Acts 18:2)\b0  And he found a Jew named Aq\u697?ui\'b7la, a native of Pon\u697?tus who had recently come from Italy with Pris\'b7cil\u697?la his wife, because Claudius had ordered all the Jews to leave Rome. So he went to them,\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 17\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (John 14:12)\b0  Most truly I say to you, whoever exercises faith in me will also do the works that I do; and he will do works greater than these, because I am going my way to the Father.\par
\b (Colossians 1:23)\b0  provided, of course, that you continue in the faith, established on the foundation and steadfast, not being shifted away from the hope of that good news that you heard and that was preached in all creation under heaven. Of this good news I, Paul, became a minister.\par
\pard\sb120\qc\b Paragraph 18\b0\par
\pard\sb120\b (Ephesians 1:19-21)\b0  and how surpassing the greatness of his power is toward us believers. It is according to the operation of the mightiness of his strength, \super\b 20\nosupersub\b0\~which he exercised toward Christ when he raised him up from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places, \super\b 21\nosupersub\b0\~far above every government and authority and power and lordship and every name that is named, not only in this system of things but also in that to come.\par
\b (1 Corinthians 15:58)\b0  Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always having plenty to do in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain in connection with the Lord.\par
\b (Psalm 115:1)\b0  Not to us, O Jehovah, not to us, But to your name give glory Because of your loyal love and your faithfulness.\par
\b (Acts 20:35)\b0  I have shown you in all things that by working hard in this way, you must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus, when he himself said: \lquote There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.\rquote\rdblquote\par
\b (Psalm 37:5)\b0  Commit your way to Jehovah; Rely on him, and he will act in your behalf.\par
\b (Isaiah 45:6, 7)\b0  In order that people may know From the rising of the sun to its setting That there is none besides me. I am Jehovah, and there is no one else. \~\super\b 7\nosupersub\b0\~I form light and create darkness, I make peace and create calamity; I, Jehovah, am doing all these things.\par
\b (Ephesians 5:15, 16)\b0  So keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise but as wise persons, \super\b 16\nosupersub\b0\~making the best use of your time, because the days are wicked.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
}
 